[distant jingling]
[quiet rumbling]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[crackling]
[static]
[distorted] Ju-ran.
[clear] Can you hear my voice now?
[Ju-ran] It was the first warm sound
I'd ever heard in my life.
[birds trill]
[insects chirp]
[gentle piano music plays]
[Ju-ran] But the fairy tale
did not have a happy ending.
[children clamor]
[children cough]
-[screams]
-Over here!
Father!
Where are you. Father?
[uneasy music plays]
[breathes shakily]
[Won-do strains]
[groans]
[child strains]
[haunting music plays]
[boy strains]
[Won-do] Run away. Run away. Ju-ran.
I promise I'll find you. and until then.
don't get caught.
and keep yourselves hidden. okay?
[Won-do exhales]
Run!
Go!
[gentle piano music plays]
[reporter] Doctor! Doctor!
Dr. Ha! Dr. Ha!
[officer] Back up! Back up!
Let's go.
[Ju-ran] And so the children
kept their identities secret
and lived their lives in hiding.
Waiting for their father
to keep his promise and return to them.
[muffled] If you're deaf.
you should be quick-witted.
If you're not.
you should at least be quick-handed.
Oh! You're so frustrating. [grunts]
[Won-do. muffled] Ju-ran.
[child singing "Der Mond ist aufgegangen"]
[gasps]
[static crackles]
[clear] I'm here.
[Ju-ran] But the fairy tale
didn't end there.
[song continues in German]
[metal creaks]
[metal thuds]
Will that be enough?
We have to start somewhere.
You three focus
on finding the Child of Eternity.
That's our only chance
to figure out how to fix the side effects.
[Ju-ran] The children realized
it was only by finding
the child with the heart of eternity
that all of them
could find a happy ending.
[music fades]
[Jeon-bok] I heard
you were released on parole.
A year ago now.
I was inside for over 20 years.
Twenty years is hardly long enough
to atone for and repent
the deaths of all those children.
It's not like you ever cared
about the kids in there.
It didn't matter to you at all
what became of those
abandoned. abused kids
with nowhere to go.
My children and I risked everything
for your immortality project.
While there were certainly sacrifices.
in the end. I succeeded.
And yet. you treated me like a criminal.
I admit. it hurt my feelings.
One of us
was gravely mistaken. it seems.
The support and funding I gave
wasn't because I wanted you to succeed.
It was always for the children.
Does playing make-believe
ease your conscience?
I did hear
you took in a lot of the children
who were rescued after the accident.
They found new families here
or were sent abroad to study.
Why do you care?
And the Child of Eternity?
[tense music plays]
You've seen the child. haven't you?
I suggest you tell me where.
[music stops]
[Chae-ni chuckles]
[chuckles]
[laughs]
[ominous music plays]
[groans]
[gasping]
I'll ask you again.
Where is the Child of Eternity?
[wheezes]
Mr. Choi told me everything
before he died.
You're the only one. Ms. Kim.
who knows where the Child of Eternity is.
[echoing] Tell him the truth.
[Jeon-bok groans]
[wheezes]
That…
child is dead.
What did you say?
[exhales] She's dead.
[wheezes]
[Un-jeong] The Child of Eternity
cannot die.
[machine beeps continuously]
-[boy gasps]
-Oh!
-One more time.
-[boy] Please stop!
-Hey. it's okay. It's okay.
-[boy] I'm scared.
-[3972] Stop it! I said stop! Stop!
-[boy] Please stop.
-No. No. no. no. I'm scared. No. please
-Not again! It hurts him!
-I'm scared. No. Please stop.
-Hurry up.
-No. Please no. That hurts. Please stop!
-[3972] Stop it! I said stop!
[panicked breathing]
[breathing slows]
[Un-jeong] But just because you can't die
doesn't mean you can't feel pain…
[music stops]
…each and every time.
each and every moment of death.
[gasps]
One more time!
-No. I'm scared!
-[Won-do] It's okay.
-[boy] Please! Don't!
-I said stop doing that!
-Stop it. It hurts!
-[boy] Don't do this!
[rattling]
-[panicked breathing] Please!
-[Won-do] One more time!
-One more time!
-[yells]
-[boy] Stop it!
-[gasps]
I told you to stop. I said stop!
Don't do that.
Don't do that!
[dramatic music sting]
[silence]
[dramatic music plays]
[gasps]
[car alarm wails]
[woman chuckling]
[music fades]
[woman] Ms. Kim. how much rice?
Huh? Uh…
The rice? How much rice should I soak?
For the rice cakes we're giving out?
Mm.
Three to five mal should cover it.
But how much exactly. though?
Three mal's way less
than five mal. isn't it? Which is it?
My goodness. Are you okay?
You always know what you want.
-[sighs]
-[chuckling]
Tell me something.
Yes?
Was anyone here just now?
Anyone? Like who?
You've been sitting there by yourself.
And. uh. how many red beans?
Three to five mal of that too?
What on earth happened? Oh. goodness!
Oh my God.
Was it an earthquake or something?
-[neighbor] This is so strange. isn't it?
-Oh gosh.
People say the apocalypse is coming.
Could the world really be about to end?
Or else did someone anger the spirits?
Why do all these things that never
used to happen keep happening?
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Whoa!
Beautiful.
[gasps]
The aurora borealis.
I heard it's breathtaking.
Hold on.
Couldn't I just teleport there?
My God. [gasps]
That means I don't even need to fly there!
Whoa. this is wicked!
[squeals] Awesome!
[laughs]
Hey!
[ominous music plays]
ABILITY: GRAVITY
RANK: S
ABILITY: HALLUCINATION
GRADE: S
ABILITY: BRAINWASHING
RANK: S
[intriguing music plays]
THE WONDERFOOLS
[music stops]
EPISODE 4
BOON THE KING DUCK VS WUNDER KINDER
[tense music sting]
[music stops]
[exhales]
Hey. I had one of those.
I heard retro's in these days.
Are you on the retro train too?
My CD player's broken.
and no one can fix it.
Mom told me to buy one with my allowance.
but it would take forever to save up.
Hey. wait.
How about I get you a new one
for your birthday?
Which birthday though?
I mean. with how much you make.
I'd be 40 when I get it.
Hey. your lunch. Hold on.
Have a good day. Love you. kid.
[door slams]
[sighs]
How'd this thing break anyway?
[gasps] 10.000 up to 100.000…
I won't be able to afford it
before Cheong turns 60.
let alone 40.
[sighs]
I guess she gave me more credit
than I deserve.
[telephone rings]
Hello?
[groans] What do you want
from me. Train Wreck?
Hey there. little cutie.
Let's go home now. Coo-coo!
Hey. Mr. Coo-coo.
Let's go home. hey? Aren't you a good boy?
There. come on.
Oh. come on. Come on.
[screams]
[cell phone buzzes]
Huh?
[Chae-ni] Sensei!
[upbeat music plays]
[music fades]
-[Un-jeong] Why are all three of you here?
-You asked if I was free on Friday.
Turns out so were they.
-Come here!
-[Ro-bin laughs] Hey!
How does it feel to be the leader
of this fantastic contingency. Sensei?
Contingency is an unpredictable
future event. She meant contingent.
Hey. let me go!
I have to say. you're smarter
than I thought you were. Oddball. Huh?
Good idea disguising us as city workers
when. secretly.
you're giving us special training.
Just to make sure. we'll still be paid
for this. though. right?
-What are you talking about?
-Oh! You were seriously incredible!
With just one finger.
stuff went flying all over the place.
Going up. down. wherever! Whoa!
-Would you keep your voice down?!
-Mm-hmm.
Honestly. I have to tell you.
my heart was racing.
It was as if I became
a real civil servant.
And now you're even offering to teach us!
You know what that means?
We'll be as cool as you!
Thank you so much. Sensei.
-I'll never forget your kindness. Never!
-He really got right down there.
Mr. Lee Un-jeong. very good!
You finally put together a team.
-[Chae-ni] One. two. three!
-[all] Hello! We are Team Lee Un-jeong.
City Hall. Civil Complaints!
Can't wait to work with you!
-[laughs]
-[jaunty music plays]
Seriously?
Yes. well…
Well. given Mr. Lee Un-jeong's record.
you must be worried.
and I can certainly understand that.
However. he's got us now. right? Huh?
Hm. Mm.
I'll make you a promise.
With a contingency like this on his side.
you don't have to worry.
Okay. [chuckles]
Before my worries grow
even bigger with all this… [chuckles]
Oh. hey! Yeah.
Right on! [chuckles awkwardly] Mm.
Uh… Uh… See you later!
-See you later! [chuckles]
-[Ro-bin chuckles]
[Mr. Yang] Oh. what? Ah. the bus. Okay.
This way. Hey. uh. watch out.
Bus coming through.
Okay. keep going. Keep going. Okay.
Over that way more. Right.
[uneasy music plays]
Stop! Stop. Stop! Okay.
CHURCH OF ETERNAL SALVATION
[man] Church of Eternal Salvation?
-What are they doing here?
-Why would that cult come here?
-To convert us. probably.
-I've had enough of--
Shh! This is a special request
from the mayor's office.
If I hear one complaint.
all contract positions may disappear.
Oh my. welcome.
We're so happy you're here.
Okay. okay. okay.
Today is the street cleanup campaign.
The members of the Church of Eternal
Salvation have come here to help.
Let's give them a round of applause. Yes!
-Oh. Oh! Welcome. all of you. Yeah!
-[man] Oh my goodness!
[Mr. Yang] Oh. great!
I want to thank you all
for your warm welcome.
Of course. we want to assist you
with the task of cleaning up Haeseong-si.
Trash should be collected right away
to make the world
beautiful and clean once again.
[Mr. Yang] Oh. yes. yes.
You're absolutely right.
[Un-jeong] Collecting?
This way. the world
will be more beautiful and clean.
[Chae-ni] Anyway. you think you know
way more than you do.
[Un-jeong] Follow me.
I need to talk to you.
Come on. come on.
[Gyeong-hun] What kind of training
is this gonna be?
[Chae-ni] What's over here?
[gasps]
We're pretending to work
but training here instead. right?
That's right. We can't conduct
this kind of special training in the open.
It's better in secret.
-There isn't any training.
-Are you joking?
-What?
-Why not?
The idea that anyone likes people
with special abilities is a fantasy.
It's not like that in real life.
People fear and avoid
those who are different from them.
They're ostracized and despised.
It's okay. Everybody already fears
and avoids Train Wreck here.
[laughs]
Want me to give you
a taste of that fear right now?
-Huh? Whoa! Whoa!
-[Ro-bin] Whoa!
[all] Whoa! [chuckling]
If you wanna live normal lives.
you need to control your abilities.
If anyone finds out
and they show a lot of interest
in your special powers…
your friends.
your family…
everyone you love. you might not ever
be able to see them again.
That means they'll experiment on us.
won't they?
Is that what happens. for real?
Control isn't something I can teach you.
How and when
your abilities manifest is unique.
so you have no choice
but to figure it out yourself.
Okay. so how do we do that?
I've been asking you that
over and over again.
Repetition.
[jaunty music plays]
The only way
is to practice and pay attention.
Eventually. there'll be
a pattern of some kind.
Focus on when and in what situations
your abilities manifest.
I'm not letting you leave today
until you figure out
at least one part of the pattern.
Whoa!
Now we're talking.
Give us some disciples.
It's discipline.
I feel like it's starting out
a little bit too harsh.
Can't you go easy on us?
Hold on. You're not gonna
lock us up in this container here
only to ship us off overseas. are you?
Come on! Who would want
a shipping container full of us?
He's putting pressure on us
so we learn more quickly.
It's discipline.
We promise we'll do our best for you.
[Chae-ni] Is he right?
Well. okay!
Lock the door from the outside.
-Come on! Let's get going.
-Wait. we're not…
[Ro-bin] Let's do this!
I mean. is it really necessary
to lock the door?
[Ro-bin] Oh. wow!
-What?!
-Uh… This isn't bad. guys.
-[Ro-bin] Oh!
-Whoa!
[Gyeong-hun groans]
[Ro-bin] Mr. Son. I think
we could each use one of these.
[Gyeong-hun] Can't you see I'm hurt?
[sighs]
[gentle music plays]
[Chae-ni] We saved the day!
[Chae-ni laughs]
Wow!
You know. we're kinda amazing.
aren't we?
[laughs]
[music fades]
[Un-jeong] No.
I'm not that kind of person.
I just…
[sighs]
[woman] Dr. Ha?
[uneasy music plays]
His vitals are getting very weak.
Dump him.
We're not gonna end up like that
one day. will we?
If we can't fix the side effects.
we could become deformed like that too.
I'm scared we'll end up unable to breathe.
gasping for air.
and ultimately scrapped
just like that poor guy.
You…
haven't got much faith in Father.
[inhales sharply]
He's hiding something. that's for sure.
about 3972.
Everything Father does.
he does for a reason. Ho-ran.
Yes. I'm sure that's true.
[Ho-ran sighs]
But what I don't know
is if it's for our benefit.
Stop thinking about all this
and do what you have to do.
If we can't find the Child of Eternity.
there's no hope…
for any of us. except a quick death.
Don't worry. I know.
[dramatic music playing]
[man moans]
[liquid splashes]
[dramatic music continues]
[labored breathing]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
EUN CHAE-NI
HIRED BY HAESEONG CITY HALL
[laughs excitedly]
[woman] Oh. look at that. Oh wow!
-Take a look before you go in!
-[woman] That's great.
-I know!
-[woman] Congratulations. Ms. Kim.
-[Jeon-bok] Go on inside.
-She got a job! Congratulations.
-That's fantastic!
-[Jeon-bok] Thank you.
What do you think? Can it be restored?
I don't think so. no.
It wasn't just overwritten.
It was magnetically erased.
So I spend a fortune on security cameras.
and they're completely useless
when I need them.
Actually. one still had something on it.
Hm?
From behind the restaurant.
[gasps]
[gentle ominous music plays]
What is it?
It's that woman
number 3972 hangs out with.
What should we do?
Collect her.
[Chae-ni] This is good. I can do it!
Oh. if this works. it'll be huge. Yeah.
The aurora borealis. Oh. it'd be great
if I could really go there.
[music fades]
The aurora.
It'd be so awesome to go there.
Let's go. Yeah.
Let's go!
Ooh.
[grunts. gasps]
Okay. go. Okay. focus.
Ooh.
[Chae-ni exhales]
That didn't work.
Okay. focus.
[suspenseful music plays]
[strains]
[music fades]
Oh!
[upbeat music plays]
-Did you see that?
-Did she just… disappear into thin air?
Where did she go?!
So. did you do it?
Where did you go? Norway? Finland?
Did you really go to the aurora?
I did.
AURORA
BEER. LIQUOR. COFFEE
[Chae-ni squeals]
[man] Come to Daddy!
[yelps]
[man laughs]
-[man] Oh!
-Oh goodness. Honey?
[Chae-ni whimpers]
No. wait! Where are you going?
See you again soon?
Adorable. [chuckles]
[laughs]
It's named Aurora?
I can't say I'm surprised. honestly.
Hey. why do you say that?
I mean. she sort of went.
Good try. Chae-ni.
Mr. Son. you can laugh at me all you want.
You won't laugh if you stick to something
in front of Cheong.
Hey. let's leave family out of this.
Then don't laugh at me
when I'm trying to figure this out!
Sooner or later. I'll be hanging out with
my Grandma and disappear in front of her.
She'd probably keel over
from the shock. [gasps]
That's not all.
I'd be transferred to the biggest hospital
in Seoul and never allowed to leave.
The thought of getting caught by her
is much scarier
than the thought of being taken away.
Yeah. I feel kind of trapped as well.
You know what would be great?
To be Uri Geller.
How would that be great?
You know he's a con artist. don't you?
You don't know anything.
Uri Geller is a real psychic medium.
He tours around the world
and is super rich.
If I was able to give one of these to each
of Cheong's classmates. that'd be enough.
[Ro-bin sighs]
Actually. there's something
I want to do. too. like Mr. Son.
What?
Well. thanks to you. I had a fairly
easy time when I was in high school.
but middle school
was really difficult for me.
I wanna go see all my bullies.
one after the other.
Wow. Kang Ro-bin!
-[Chae-ni laughs]
-Ow!
Are you finally ready to fight back?
Oh. what are you going to do?
Get revenge? Draw blood?
Nah.
I think I wanna show off. [chuckles]
-I wanna show them how strong I've gotten.
-[Gyeong-hun] Oh. for crying out loud!
Come on. can't you just take
brutal. bloody revenge for once?
I don't know about revenge.
Anyway. I almost feel bad
for having my superpower.
If it had gone to someone cooler. maybe.
someone who'd use it in an impressive way.
save people and all that…
But it didn't. Instead.
it came to a stupid loser like me.
It's a bit of a waste. [chuckles]
I saw this thing in a show called
500 Years of the Joseon Dynasty.
A scapeghost was what they called it.
Scapegoat. not ghost.
Anyway. it was a role.
sort of like a goalie.
They would use their bodies
to block and absorb bad energy
to protect the royal court.
What reminded you of that?
Who else besides you
could handle Nightmare.
or even Train Wreck.
not to mention the cranky old boss
you have at Hearty House?
Who else could protect
Haeseong-si but you?
[gasps]
[jaunty music plays]
First. let's just try
to figure out how to use these abilities.
Then we can live normal. quiet lives
instead of being taken away somewhere.
And once we master our powers.
I'll get you blue tights and red underwear
like Superman.
[gasps] Really?
Is it okay if I design it myself?
You better wear it. then.
[cell phone rings]
[music fades]
Hello there.
Grandma. hi.
Oh. my new job is really keeping me busy.
What is it?
[static over phone line]
Grandma?
Hello? Grandma?
Where are you?
You can work again tomorrow.
You're going to have to come home now.
Right now. Tell me where you are.
I'll come and get you.
-[distorted speech over phone line]
-Hello?
-[distorted speech]
-Eunie?
Eunie!
-[distorted speech]
-Where are you?
Listen. Gunie. go back to the office
and find out where Eun Chae-ni is.
What?
Oh. uh. right.
By the way. Ms. Kim.
I guess you didn't know
that Eun Chae-ni had this ability?
[cell phone buzzes]
Yes. that's right.
Hi. Jun-mo.
[ominous music plays]
About Chae-ni. You know that job she got
at the Civil Complaints Office?
Well. she's working hard.
She hasn't left City Hall for hours.
That's good.
Everything okay with you?
Hm. Of course. yeah. Hm.
You would be
the first to know if not. Grandma.
That's right.
Jun-mo has always
called me "Grandma." you see?
And he's never called me "Ms. Kim."
[sighs]
Oh. you got me.
It's always the little details
that are most revealing.
[ominous music intensifies]
[music fades]
Who sent you here?
Dr. Ha Won-do sent me.
He is my father. you know.
You
call that crazy man your father?
Well. he is the only one who took us in.
It's my fault.
I wasn't able to take care of all of you.
[laughs]
Spare me your sentimental lies. would you?
We know you only helped the kids
without special abilities.
[uneasy music plays]
You were afraid that the world
would find out about our existence.
That's why you didn't
save the Wunderkinder.
And that's why you left us
to die in that inferno instead.
Did Ha Won-do tell you that?
That's not true. child.
You only took the Child of Eternity.
And the only reason
you bothered to take her with you
was because you needed her.
You abandoned us.
So that's why
you came here. is it?
-Tell me where she is.
-She's dead.
[inhales sharply]
My sister's ability
may not have worked on you.
but don't underestimate mine.
I can turn your whole life into a hell
on earth.
[unsettling music plays]
Is that it?
Do you think I live an easy. happy life?
After losing all those children.
it was my own… sweet child
who has suffered for all my sins.
So you're wasting your energy.
I already live in hell.
I've been there for 20 years.
[man 1] Hello. good to see you.
-[woman 1] We're back.
-[man 1] Let's sit here.
-[woman 2] Hello! Welcome.
-[man 1] Thank you.
-[woman 2] Hello again.
-[man 1] What would you like?
-[woman 3] Good to see you.
-[man 2] What should we eat?
Oh. sure. yes. sit down.
You know. I'm gonna need to see a body
if she's really dead.
Otherwise. I'll show you
what I'm capable of.
[music stops]
[chuckles]
[woman 2] Great. that's wonderful.
You heard that?
Go.
Go find Chae-ni. Jun-mo. please.
[ominous music sting]
[in Korean] ♪ It is His will ♪
♪ Forgive us our sins ♪
♪ I will give my life ♪
♪ To be saved ♪
♪ A place where ♪
♪ An endless paradise unfolds ♪
♪ I will go to Him ♪
Oh? Oh!
Hey. Hey!
Yeah! [sighs]
Are there really any rules to this?
I can't make any sense of it.
It just sticks and unsticks
whenever it wants.
completely at random.
Sometimes it's my butt. sometimes my arm.
I can't predict it at all!
Well. he said it follows rules.
so look for the pattern.
[sighs]
Are you even thinking about it?
You'll benefit most of all
if you can control it.
-You'll have super-strength.
-[inhales]
Tears?
There were tears in my eyes.
[screams in pain]
[jaunty music plays]
-Oh. look! There. tears.
-Oh. yeah.
-Here. try this.
-All right. hit this really hard. okay?
One. two. three!
Yeah. [grunts]
-[Ro-bin groans]
-It didn't work?
[Ro-bin whimpers]
Well. there are more tears.
Let's do one more.
But harder this time. Okay!
Karate chop.
-Hi-yah!
-Hi-yah! Hi-yah!
Ha. ha. ha. ha!
[whimpers]
That's okay. Again. Hi-yah!
Ha. ha. ha! [whimpers]
I don't want to!
What's the worst that can happen?
You break a few fingers?
But… [moans]
Oh. it'd be over by now
if you just did it. Okay. once more.
Good. okay. Go!
-One. two…
-[whimpers]
It hurts too much.
-[Ro-bin cries]
-[sighs]
[Gyeong-hun] Your tears are drying up.
Do it again.
-[Ro-bin] I have some left.
-Wait a minute.
[Ro-bin] It hurts.
Wait a minute now.
I think I might have figured it out.
Run! [squeals]
[screams]
[Gyeong-hun] Okay. we've got
a few now. [grunts]
I was breathing hard. Is that it?
Hey. Hey! One. two. three!
-Hi-yah!
-Oh! You little punk. you hit me!
[Gyeong-hun and Ro-bin strain]
Okay. okay. here. Karate chop. Break it.
[music stops]
[man 1] Yes. thank you.
This is the end of my patrol area.
This field is our last stop.
[man 2] I see.
So this will be as far as we go.
Thank you all for helping.
I'm sure I can finish the rest.
I'm sorry. but I believe we were told
to see the cleanup all the way to the end.
Who told you?
You know who.
Kim Pal-ho. our shepherd. of course.
Do you believe absolutely everything
that your shepherd says?
Oh no.
Belief is something that is dependent
on the human will. in part.
For us. belief is nothing.
and knowledge is all.
To be aware of the inevitable fact
of the coming apocalypse.
[uneasy music plays]
The apocalypse is nigh.
There is no escaping that fact.
Everyone will die.
It means the same thing.
But the difference
is that we know. through our shepherd.
when. where and how the end will happen.
What good is knowing about the apocalypse
if you can't stop it from coming?
That's a fact. We can't stop it.
We're foolish humans.
Thankfully.
the Church of Eternal Salvation
offers us just that.
We know a miracle waits for us.
We have seen it.
It was shown to us.
The moment the world ends.
we will be granted the eternal miracle.
It wasn't a miracle.
whatever you think you saw.
[unsettling music plays]
[indistinct praying]
[man 3] My Lord!
-[man 4] My Lord! Have you come for us?
-[man 5] My Lord. save me!
-Lord!
-Save us.
Please save us at last!
-Lord. save us now at the end of days!
-[cries]
Salvation!
-[man 6] Have mercy for my sins.
-[woman] Forgive my sins!
[man 7] I give my life for you!
-[woman] My Lord!
-[man 8] Save us!
[man 2] Our shepherd. Kim Pal-ho.
has a message for you.
Number 3972.
your apocalypse is here.
Without any mercy or salvation.
[dramatic music plays]
-[creaking]
-[gasps]
[strains]
[tense music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
[chuckles softly]
[tense music plays]
[strains]
You laughed when he said.
"My shepherd. Kim Pal-ho."
[grunts] What are you talking about.
you lunatic?!
An eternity in hell is your fate.
without the shepherd to guide you.
[sighs]
[music stops]
Oh.
[Gyeong-hun] Hey. Kang Ro-bin.
you little punk!
How dare you throw me up here?
I threw you up there by accident.
but you got yourself stuck up there.
-You little…
-[Chae-ni groans]
I ran so hard that I'm out of breath.
But why isn't my heart racing?
It's so weird.
Uh. what if you gotta pick
where you wanna go first?
But there's nowhere I wanna go right now.
[groans]
I've gotta figure something out so I can…
so I can brag
and show off to Sensei later.
[strains]
Oh. I wanna brag so bad!
[jaunty music plays]
Chae-ni!
Huh?
I will become
the next Uri Geller.
Oh. I don't know! Why can't I unstick?
[coughs]
Oh…
Oh! I think I did it!
Oh! Sensei!
Look! I did it. Hey!
I focused on finding the pattern.
and now here I am! Boom!
[panting]
Run for it.
Hm?
Oh…
-[metal creaking]
-[Un-jeong gasps]
-[screams] Oh my God! I'm gonna die!
-Eun Chae-ni!
Wha… wha… what?
Oh. I'm back! Where's Sensei?
It's just you. What's wrong?
-[panting] Sensei needs our help now!
-[Ro-bin] Huh?
Hey. you need
to explain yourself more clearly.
Not blurt out that he needs help and expe…
Who am I even talking to here?
All the blood in my body's
rushing to my head. I can't do this.
[screams]
[both scream]
[panicked breathing]
-It's flying!
-Go!
-[Ro-bin] Why is it flying?
-This way!
[both panting]
[both scream]
Whoa! Look out. Chae-ni!
[Chae-ni screams]
[dramatic music plays]
-Chae-ni! Oh. Chae-ni.
-[whimpers]
[Chae-ni] Help! Sensei!
[Chae-ni screams]
Hey. Sensei!
Oh my God. What the hell's
Kang Ro-bin doing here? Take him back!
No. not without you too!
[gasps] Kang Ro-bin!
Oh. no. no. no. no! Focus!
[music fades]
[chuckles]
Do it!
Hey. back off!
I'm doing my best. Why isn't it working?
Let's go! [groans]
[Chae-ni exhales]
[dramatic music plays]
What's going on?
He's a Wunderkinder.
Quick. go back!
Oh… Oh. if I could do it.
I would. I swear!
[Chae-ni whimpers]
[Ro-bin] Chae-ni. what do we do. huh?
Wait. I think we're going to be killed!
Oh. quit that whining!
Stop following along
with everyone else! Stop!
Think of something that will help.
and then do it for once! [groans]
[Chae-ni yelps]
-[Ro-bin whimpers]
-[Chae-ni breathes heavily]
[Ro-bin] Oh my!
[Ro-bin yelps]
[screams]
[Chae-ni screams]
[Ro-bin screams]
[screams]
[gasps] Oh no!
[music stops]
[Ro-bin yelps]
[breathes heavily]
[metal creaks]
[Ro-bin strains]
[strains]
[dramatic music plays]
[Ro-bin panting]
[Ro-bin grunts]
[gasps]
[Ro-bin] Oh!
-[gasps]
-[music fades]
Chae-ni! That bus was…
I just. uh…
Huh?
Chae-ni?
[uneasy music plays]
Where'd Chae-ni go?
Chae-ni!
[Un-jeong breathes heavily]
[music fades]
[haunting music plays]
Eun Chae-ni!
Chae-ni!
Are you okay?
Wow!
I made it.
I did it. I totally did it.
It's the real aurora.
[breathes shakily]
Can you believe it?
It's my first time outside of Haeseong-si.
[blood squelches]
[breathes shakily]
It's pretty.
Come on.
Eun Chae-ni.
Eun Chae-ni!
Chae-ni!
[breathes shakily]
[music fades]
Chae-ni! [cries]
Eun Chae-ni!
How could you leave me here
all alone like this?
Damn it!
[gasps]
Oh. you scared me.
Hey. you… you could've made a noise.
Who are you?
A defective product?
[gasps]
What's that?
Defective product?
[tense music plays]
Ah. you're a Wunderkinder.
so you have a superpower. too. right?
[breathes deeply]
Uh… Uh… Wh… wh… what are you doing?
[music stops]
[exhales]
[Pal-ho grunts]
What was that for?
-Tell me who you are.
-Kang Ro-bin. and you?
[grunts]
Um. is there a reason you're doing that?
What? Sh… should I clap?
[grunts]
Dun-da?
[thudding]
Dun-dun-da!
-[grunts]
-[thudding]
Uh. dun-dun-da!
Ah. dun-dun-da!
Dun-dun-da!
Dun-dun-da! Is this it? Dun-dun-da!
♪ Na-na-na-na-da! Yeah! ♪
Da-da-da! Yeah! Da-da! That's right. Yeah!
Dun-dun-da! Duh-duh-da!
Ha. ha. ha!
[rock music plays]
[Chae-ni] I saw this thing in a show
called 500 Years of the Joseon Dynasty.
-A scapeghost was what they called it.
-[Ro-bin] Scapegoat. not ghost.
[Chae-ni] Anyway. it was a role.
sort of like a goalie.
They would use their bodies
to block and absorb bad energy
to protect the royal court.
[music fades]
[breathes shakily]
[creaking]
[chuckles awkwardly] Yoo-hoo!
Oh. that didn't sound quite right.
But you don't look too surprised.
Oh dear. this is…
I'll introduce myself! I'm Son Gyeong…
[yelps]
I need a moment.
I'm just a little dizzy.
[breathes shakily] That's better.
Were you s… stuck to the ceiling?
[gasps] No! What an odd thing to say.
Uh. I performed some magic tricks
for a show and. uh. they went…
[laughs awkwardly]
Actually. where'd they go?
Not again.
[Gyeong-hun breathes rapidly]
Hey. what exactly are you doing?
Wait a minute.
[tense music plays]
Is it when I'm…
Listen. I'm here to find Chae-ni.
It's important.
[Un-jeong grunts]
[Un-jeong breathes heavily]
Huh?
[dramatic music plays]
[Chae-ni gasps]
[intriguing music plays]
[music fades]
[gentle piano music plays]
[children singing
"Der Mond ist aufgegangen"]
[music fades]
[intriguing music plays]
[haunting music plays]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm